The definition of the word Linux depends on the context in which it is used. Linux means the kernel of the system, which is the central controller
of everything that happens on the computer.

When most people refer to Linux, they are really referring to a combination of software called GNU/Linux, which defines the operating system.
GNU is the free software that provides open source equivalents of many common UNIX commands. The Linux part of this combination is the Linux kernel, 
which is the core of the operating system. The kernel is loaded at boot time and stays running to manage every aspect of the functioning system.

The story of Linux begins with UNIX, an operating system developed at AT&T Bell Labs in the 1970s. UNIX is written in the C language making it 
uniquely portable amongst competing operating systems, which were typically closely tied to the hardware for which they were written. It quickly 
gained popularity in research and academic settings, as well as amongst programmers who were attracted to its modularity. Over time it was modified 
and forked (that is, people modified it, and those modifications served as the basis for other systems) such that at present there are many different
variants of UNIX. However, UNIX is now both a trademark and a specification, owned by an industry consortium called the Open Group. Only software that
has been certified by the Open Group may call itself UNIX.

Linux started in 1991 as a hobby project of Linus Torvalds, a Finnish-born computer scientist studying at the University of Helsinki. Frustrated 
by the licensing of MINIX, a UNIX-like operating system designed for educational use, and its creator’s desire not to make it a full operating system,
Linus decided to create his own OS kernel.

From this humble beginning, Linux has grown to be the dominant operating system on the Internet, and arguably the most important computer program of
any kind. Despite adopting all the requirements of the UNIX specification, Linux has not been certified, so Linux really isn’t UNIX! It’s just… UNIX-like.
